---
layout: post
title: PICKING UP THE BMW! (4312 KM)
subtitle: A long way for a motorcycle
bigimg: /img/F700GS.jpg
tags: []
---

This is posted in 2019 but this write up is from **2017**

**October 9, 2017**


If you have read the "About Me" section you will have read that I wanted to get back behind the bars driving my own motorcycle. After a bit of casual looking at various makes of new bikes (Suzuki, Kawasaki, Honda, MotoGuzzi, Yamaha, Ducati, Triump and BMW) during the summer of 2017. I knew some basics, I am 5 foot 7 inches and am shrinking with time. I am pretty strong but I didn't want a bike that was too heavy. I wanted to be able to pick it up after a drop without breaking my back. I didn't want to spend a ton of cash and I wanted something new or barely used. I knew I wanted a touring style of bike not a cruiser. Other than these points I really wasn't that picky. The big thing is **I** wanted to feel the bike was under my control and not vice versa. 

My husband (Joe) really was the lead on the search as I am the type that really doesn't like to spend money on myself. I can spend a fortune on others without batting an eye (so easy).  Joe was doing a lot of looking and comparing and happened on [kijiji] (https://www.kijiji.com) and found the slightly used BMW F700GS for sale in Mississauga, Ontario. The bike came fully equipped with side and top bags, windshield, safety lights and even a folding trailer. After a phone call and some money transfers we set off with the license plates in hand. 

We travelled from Winnipeg to Ontario through the United States. Winnipeg-Fargo-Minneapolis-Madison, WI. We overnighted just past Madison after a grueling 1.5 hours of night driving on newly ashpalted highway with a diversion of lanes every few kilometers. Needless to say we needed a drink to calm our nerves. There is nothing worst than driving in the dark on black ashpalt with no lines and bright oncoming headlights. If you have ever driven around Madison it is quite a busy area with traffic either coming or going to Milwaukee on the I94.

**October 10, 2017**

We continued our journey around Chicago and through Grand Rapids-Lansing-Flint-Sarnia-London (our past home for 7 years in the 1990's)-Mississauga. We arrived at the home of the seller just a half hour before dark. The bike was in fantastic condition and the finalizing of the deal was done. With full confidence we hook up the [Stinger] (https://www.stingertrailer.com) folding motorcycle trailer and pluged in the wire to our vehicle outlet. Three years prior we had paid extra money to install the tow package which we had not used or tested until this moment. Well you know what is going to happen, yes your are right it doesn't work. Luckily, the seller had a neat gadget which showed that for some reason our outlet was dead. Great, we are in Mississauga, it is dark and we want to get around Toronto before we take a hotel.  Here we are on another dark road making our way to Barrie, ON because there was a dealership which we thought we could get this electrical issued fixed before the rest of our journey back to Winnipeg. We made it to Barrie without an incident but again another nerve racking evening driving at night with no lights on the bike/trailer. Not a good scenerio, have a collision with a near new bike and trailer!!

**October 11, 2017**

We spent the whole morning at the Barrie dealership without a resolution to the electrical failure. We knew we had a long journey ahead so we decided to stop at Canadian Tire in Parry Sound and see what lighting options we could purchase that were battery operated so we could attach to the trailer to make it more safe. We were lucky and picked up some peddle bike lights that we could charge using our phone adapters during the day and put them on the trailer at night. It was a beautiful fall afternoon with strong sun warming us up as we travelled along the shore of Georgian Bay towards Sudbury, ON. The kilometers went by driving by the signs for Espanola-Webbwood-Spanish-Blind River-Thessalon-Bruce Mines-Sault Ste. Marie. It was here that we stopped until tomorrow. 

**October 12, 2017**

Our last day on the road, we are now travelling along the North shore of Lake Superior, our first stop was in Wawa, ON. Here I had my picture taken with one of the animals that I desperatly want to see in the flesh. A moose, this one was stuffed but just standing beside it makes one realize how large and majestic these animals are.

Here is the map of the round trip.




file:///home/karen/Desktop/Mapbikeup.png
